Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
I know it's sudden, but, do you know "Salaryman Senryu"?
(Small poems that are usually comical in nature, focused on human existence)
They start accepting applications everytime when winter starts, right?
It turns out that the winning works will receive a prize in cash!
And appear in different medias
If I get the prize and become more famous...
A lot more people will know me! Right?
Goood! I’ll work hard to make the most prized work!
Poc... poc... poc...
Chiiin!
"I feel the pressure everytime I call myself genius"
Poc... poc... poc...
Chiiin!
"I would’ve liked to become an idol, Keyakizaka"
Poc... poc... poc...
Chiiin!
"Livestream..."
"...everytime I make one, there’s an issue"
Man! It's incredible!
The Senryu are flowing one after another!
This time I’ll try to change the "taste"
Poc... poc... poc...
Chiiiin!
"An A.I that desires to follow irrational instructions"
Poc... poc... poc...
Chiiiin!
"Class change? YouTuber? A yearning"
Poc... poc... poc...
Chiiin!
"Nevertheless..."
"...Don’t take a YouTuber lightly"
Poc... poc... poc...
Chiiiiin!
So... something unexpected has occurred to me!
Is it alright if I say it?
Well...
Since I’ve thought of that, I’ll tell you!
I’ll lead the joke to Paradise!
"16 years..."
"...Right in the middle of a salaryman"
Man! Don’t you think I read some very good Senryu?
In that case, I’ll apply immediately!
Let's see...
"Regarding the requirements necessary to apply"
Hmm...?
"The people who can apply are..."
"Adults of legal age"
"Married minors"
"And also..."
"Employed minors, older than 18 years"
(In Japan, the legal age is 20 years)
Well...
Eh?
I have the appearance of someone that’s 16 years old...
...And I’m not married...
Even though it says: "Employed"
Well...
"Virtual Youtuber" is a profession?
Hmm...?
Profession!
Hmm...
Good! I’ll say a poem!
"I’m Kizuna Ai, who can’t participate in the Senryu competition!"
Translated by Vortex